my experience in both industry and academia is a lot of people come up
with a really unique idea yeah if we do this that will allow us to
do that and they think well wow I could make some money with that that's
a sellable ideas and so they quit either industry they're working
for the quit academia and they go starter on business and some of
them famously have gotten terribly terribly rich doing that just unimaginably
rich and those the people you hear about all the time but
my experience is been the vast majority of those people go away and
then five to ten years later they're back they're back in their living
in an apartment now and not their house anymore because they had
to mortgage their house to try to keep your business going and it didn't
go and they didn't quite make it so it turns out there's a skill
set to running a business is a little different than a skill set
to be the researcher and having some really good ideas that might be
good ideas %HESITATION so people who go through life see that happened
a lot of their friends and so one of them say if I have a good idea
I'll try to sell it to somebody because I'm not a businessman I
might not do a very good job of running my own business